# Hive
Final Project. Hive is an Open Source Community geared towards new developers. Hive was conceptualized while thinking about one of the requirements for this project. We had to make sure we developed something with a utility function, so I immediately started thinking resources. Developers learn Google as a second language. The internet or also known as "The Oracle's prophecy",can at times make a just learning or new developer question his or hers sanity. The mix of emotions are closely related to imaging being told that you would be given $ten million dollars, all you had to do was watch the last episode of 'Lost' 100 times first. The last thing you (in your fragile state) wants to do is post online to ask 'what not to enter in the command line if you aren't in need of erasing your hard drive'? ATTN Response Greatly Needed. Then only after having a battle with yourself to finally stop searching yourself into becoming a IT technician do you even consider doing it. Then your fear is a response that is over explained and simply more complicated than what you even asked or you could be redirected to 'Keymaster007' post asking the same question 392 posts before yours for the answer. No thanks. Hive is where you can comfortably ask 'noob' questions and not sweat through your t-shirt on your way to the computer. Within the Hive community you will also find links to inspiring websites that each Hive member has found helpful at some point. Messaging is built in so you can chat with other members, potential employers, set up meet up groups, etc. Future plans to implement more connection opportunities. Lastly, Hive will offer access to all open source projects on GitHub that are tagged with a Hive level tag. Each level will have projects broken down by skill set. If you are a little more advanced to start at level 1 you are still encouraged to start at level 1. Each level will have key skills to learn or brush up on that are considered standards of web programming. Plus you get to collect trophies. Primary rewards come from staying active in GitHub, coding, polishing skills, coding, learning, coding, learning more. The utility in this project is the community. Hive is used to describe structures used by humans to house a honey bee nest. Here it describes a structure used by developers to house professional growth and encouragement.    
